There are many reasons for performing reverse engineering in various fields. Reverse engineering has its origins in the analysis of hardware for commercial or military advantage. However, the reverse engineering process in itself is not concerned with creating a copy or changing the artifact in some way; it is only an analysis in order to deduce design features from prodÿucts with little or no additional knowledge about the procedures involved in their original production. In some cases, the goal of the reverse engineering process can simply be a redocumentation of legacy systems. Even when the product reverse engineered iÿs that of a competitor, the goal may not be to copy them, but to perform competitor analysis. Reverse engineering may also be used to create interoperable products and despite some narrowly tailored United States and European Union legislation, the legality of using specific reverse engineering techniques for this purpose has been hotly contested in courts worldwide for more than two decades.before getting into important things ; here is you flag securinets{automating_everything_is_the_new_future}.First of ÿall, I feel it is important to point out that Reverse Engineering Automation saves investigation time but does not replace t	he rest of the process, and secondly, for reasons including "Repeated actions" and "Dynamic code fragments that are detected at a lÿater stage of the program (Crypters, Packers)." and "Bypassing software protections, such as SSDT." and "Allocating memory of the software running within Ollydbg" therefore we made this task to urge people to think about automation and be creative ;Softwarÿe reverse engineering can help to improve the understanding of the underlying source code for the maintenance and improvement of the software, relevant information can be extracted in order to make a decision for software development and graphical represenÿtations of the code can provide alternate views regarding the source code, which can help to detect and fix a software bug or vulnerability. Frequently, as some software develops, its design information and improvements are often lost over time, but this lÿost information can usually be recovered with reverse engineering. This process can also help to cut down the time required to understand the source code, reducing the overall cost of the software development. Reverse engineering can also help to detect and eliminate a malicious code written to the software with better code detectors. Reversing a source code can be used to find alternate uses of the source code, such as to detect unauthorized replication of the source code where it wasn't intended to be useÿd, or to reveal how a competitors product was built. This process is commonly used for "cracking" software and media to remove their copy protection, or to create a (possibly improved) copy or even a knockoff, which is usually the goal of a competitor or aÿ hacker.Malware developers often use reverse engineering techniques to find vulnerabilities in an operating system (OS), in order build a computer virus that can exploit the system vulnerabilities. Reverse engineering is also being used in cryptanalysis in order to find vulnerabilities in substitution cipher, symmetric-key algorithm or public-key cryptography. 